Update docs for CronJob GA (#27083)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

The CronJob is only responsible for creating Jobs that match its schedule, and
the Job in turn is responsible for the management of the Pods it represents.

> ## New vs old controller

Reviewer: “New” is a term that soon gets stale, so how about keeping the fragment identifier and using a different heading?
```suggestion
## Controller version {#new-controller}
```

Author: Fair point, updated.

> Starting from Kubernetes 1.21 the version 2 of the CronJob controller is now the default implementation. To disable the new controller and use the old one pass the following [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) flag to the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kube-controller-manager" text="kube-controller-manager" >}}.

Reviewer 2: Starting with Kubernetes v1.21, the second version of the CronJob controller is the default implementation. To disable the second Cronjob controller and use the first CronJob controller, pass the `CronJobControllerV2` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) flag to the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kube-controller-manager" text="kube-controller-manager" >}}, and set this flag to `false`. For example:

Reviewer: My tweaks to that:
```suggestion
Starting with Kubernetes v1.21, the second version of the CronJob controller is the default implementation. To disable the default CronJob controller and use the original CronJob controller instead, pass the `CronJobControllerV2` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) flag to the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kube-controller-manager" text="kube-controller-manager" >}}, and set this flag to `false`. For example:
```

BTW: wrapping helps with reviews (but the original is also not wrapped).

Author: > BTW: wrapping helps with reviews (but the original is also not wrapped).

Yeah, I don't like when docs are written like that :disappointed: Fix it now with update.

The CronJob is only responsible for creating Jobs that match its schedule, and
the Job in turn is responsible for the management of the Pods it represents.

## Controller version {#new-controller}

Starting with Kubernetes v1.21 the second version of the CronJob controller
is the default implementation. To disable the default CronJob controller

> and use the original CronJob controller instead, one pass the `CronJobControllerV2`

Reviewer 2: nit: Would you remove "one" in line 123?

Reviewer 2: Otherwise, LGTM.
